Welcome cadet to your exciting new career in CondrSupplies space program for the next couple of months. To continue, press "Enter".
You are currently stationed at an outpost near the moon Z24BA.
To get you started, you will get a short and simple flight lesson. Then you will start your first mission immediately. 
Good luck cadet! And make sure not to die out there, CondrSupplies have invested a lot of money in you.
The cadet will be held liable for destruction of property. CondrSupplies will not be held liable for injuries or death. If the cadet breaks the contract, CondrSupplies does no longer need to offer a way home.
Now it is time for your flight lesson cadet.
First let's look at the UI.
The Blue circular map in the middle is the radar, you can see enemies and points of interest on it.
The Yellow/orange gauge on the left is for your thrust, it tells you how fast you're flying or if you are going forwards or backwards.
The blue gauge on the left tells you how much cargo you have picked up.
The green bar on the right shows you the hull’s health.
The blue bar on the right shows you the ship’s shield health.
The red text shows you the weapon type you have equipped
You can change weapons using the mouse scroll wheel, and you can lock on to a target using right click, and shoot with left click
If you have a target locked, you will see that targets health and shield on the left side of the screen.
Try to kill the enemy in front of you, lasers are good against shields and missiles are good against the hull.
If you press "M" the mission select menu will pop up, there you can choose which mission you want to track on your radar.
That's all about the UI, now it's time for the movement.
Move around your mouse to look around.
Press "Q" and "E" to move your ship on the YAW axis.
Press "Shift" to accelerate and "CTRL" to slow down and press "CTRL" again to accelerate backwards.
That was it for the flight lesson, go through the yellow portal to end the tutorial after pressing "Enter".